
DATE:
09-05-14.txt

#TAGS:
silly humor

fresh perspective
cliché message

excellent camera work
immersive atmosphere
transcendent use of color and/or shadow

expected outcome
acceptable suspense (developments predicted minutes before)
exceptional suspense (developments not predicted)

intense action
realistic effects

untraceable (natural) acting

#COMMENTS:

it's a good action film with somewhat twisting (good?) plotline. but the story itself has seems pretty empty and pointless. 1st of all I do not appreciate the main character's approach and idea of justice. second of all he succeeded only because he is in a movie with god's machine helping. 

why would anyone help the person who LOST his wife for a fucking gamble????!!!! He will do something stupid like that again without close supervision most likely! the only point in saving the woman would be for the kid, but leaving her and a kid to that man's hand is very dangerous and irresponsible (and proved so in that he would risk losing his wife again to deliver a stupid and dangerous message to get the helping samurai in trouble).

Also the old man is pretty stupid for changing the bottle and gathering attention to the table. I'm pretty sure the samurai tried to touch the sword as an act of distraction from the letter as he sutbly cover the signature with the bottle while having the gazes on his hands. Also why would they grab the old man to ask for the woman's where-a-about? since the samurai is such a "good" person, using an old man probably would be 1000 times more effective than beating himself up.

why the fuck would the samurai give the gun to the dying gangsta? is he just that "good" of a person?

the reason why I keep using good in quotes is that a person who solve violent problem using trickery and violence is not a person of superior moral aptitude. he's way is only superior in short term (because any person with a predilection towards organized crime would only see that the gang leaders lose not for their values but for their inferior "wits" and sword fighting skills) and in the end you can see the physical destruction he brought upon the town. not to say the he only saved one kid from (hopefully) joining a gang with no precaution on the future well-being of the town.

the fight scenes are pretty good. that's about all there is to it. [maybe the plot line is rather original for its era, but it's pretty generic, unlike harakiri.]





SCORE:
14
